Create blog post on GSoC 2023 (#1251)
xsf/xmpp.org: content/blog/google-summer-of-code-2023.md

---
title: XMPP at Google Summer of Code 2023
date: 2023-02-27
categories: ['Google Summer of Code']
---

{{< figure src="/images/logos/gsoc-2023-logo.svg" caption="XSF and Google Summer of Code 2023" >}}

The XSF has been accepted again as hosting organisation at the [Google Summer of Code 2023](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/programs/2023)!

> Now students but also simply open-source newcomers are invited to consider and review a participation and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now both students and open-source newcomers are invited to consider and review a participation and
```

> prepare for the application phase. We would like to invite to review the XMPP projects that signed up with their ideas for this year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prepare for the application phase. We would like to invite you to review XMPP projects that signed up with their ideas for this year.
```

### XMPP Projects at Google Summer of Code 2023

> The projects that have signed up are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects which signed up are:
```

- [Dino](https://dino.im/): Ideas by the [Dino team](https://wiki.xmpp.org/web/Google_Summer_of_Code_2023#Dino)
- [Monal](https://monal-im.org/): Ideas by the [Monal team](https://wiki.xmpp.org/web/Google_Summer_of_Code_2023#Monal)
- [Moxxy](https://codeberg.org/moxxy/moxxy): Ideas by the [Moxxy team](https://wiki.xmpp.org/web/Google_Summer_of_Code_2023#Moxxy)
- If you are capable and have the necessary skills in general you can propose you own topic. Please bear in mind that this requires extended efforts.

> ### Designated Webpage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Designated Web Page
```

> We have further details on our designated webpage in several languages and advertisement material.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have further details and advertisement material on our designated web page presented in various languages.
```
